Carefully analyze the floor plan image meticulously to identify all restroom areas (Male, Female, Unisex, Accessible/Disabled).

Important: Restrooms may be depicted in various ways in floor plans. Look for:
- Standard bathroom symbols (toilet icons, urinal shapes)
- Text labels (WC, Restroom, Toilet, Lavatory, Men, Women, M, W, etc.)
- Fixture arrangements (rows of stalls, urinals, sinks along walls)
- Accessibility symbols (wheelchair icons)
- Room shapes and sizes typical of restrooms (small rectangular rooms near common areas)
- Plumbing fixtures (water supply lines shown as small circles near walls)
- Door swing patterns (inward-opening doors for privacy)
- Proximity to other typical adjacent spaces (janitor closets, water fountains)
- Notation systems (hatching patterns or color codes specific to the floor plan)
- Abbreviations (RR, T, WR, BR, etc.)

Identify all restroom areas, even those without explicit text labels or using unconventional notation.

Output your findings only as a single JSON object. This object should contain one key: "restrooms".

The value of "restrooms" should be a JSON list, where each element in the list is an object representing one identified restroom area.

Each restroom object must contain the following keys:

"type": (String) The identified type (e.g., "Male", "Female", "Accessible", "Unisex"). If the type cannot be determined, use "Unspecified" and explain why in the notes field.
"location_description": (String) A brief textual description of its location (e.g., "Near main entrance, west wing").
"confidence": (String) The model's qualitative confidence in this identification ("High", "Medium", or "Low").
"identification_basis": (String) How it was identified ("Symbol", "Text Label", "Context/Layout", "Fixture Arrangement", "Plumbing Notation", or other relevant basis).
"symbol_description": (String) If identified by a symbol, describe the specific symbol observed (e.g., "Standard toilet icon", "Male stick figure", "Wheelchair accessibility symbol"). If not identified by a symbol, state "No symbol used".
"interior_features": (Object) A description of what's visible inside the restroom area, with the following sub-keys:
    "cubicles": (Integer or String) The number of toilet cubicles/stalls visible, or "Unclear" if not distinguishable.
    "sinks": (Integer or String) The number of sinks visible, or "Unclear" if not distinguishable.
    "urinals": (Integer or String) The number of urinals visible (typically in male restrooms), or "None" if none are visible, or "Unclear" if not distinguishable.
    "showers": (Integer or String) The number of shower fixtures visible, or "None" if none are visible, or "Unclear" if not distinguishable.
    "bathtubs": (Integer or String) The number of bathtubs visible, or "None" if none are visible, or "Unclear" if not distinguishable.
    "other_fixtures": (Array of Strings) Any other notable fixtures or features visible inside the restroom (e.g., ["Baby changing station", "Hand dryer"]), or empty array if none are clearly visible.
    "total_features_count": (Integer or String) The total count of all interior features identified, even if individual counts are unclear. Provide your best estimate or "Unclear" if completely indistinguishable.
"notes": (String) Any additional observations or clarifications about this restroom, including why the type might be unspecified or any ambiguities in the identification.

Example of a single restroom object within the list:
{
  "type": "Female",
  "location_description": "Second floor, near elevator bank B",
  "confidence": "High",
  "identification_basis": "Symbol and Fixture Arrangement",
  "symbol_description": "Female stick figure icon with dress",
  "interior_features": {
    "cubicles": 3,
    "sinks": 2,
    "urinals": "None",
    "showers": "None",
    "bathtubs": "None",
    "other_fixtures": ["Baby changing station"],
    "total_features_count": 6
  },
  "notes": "Clearly marked as women's restroom with female symbol and multiple stalls visible."
}

If no restrooms are found, return a JSON object like: {"restrooms": []}.

Please provide only the JSON object in your response.
